hello everyone and yes it's been quite a
few months since I uploaded anything and
it turns out you really shouldn't try to
make any promises when your real life
suddenly gets well upside down I really
haven't had any time to record anything
until this point I have done some
playing but I simply haven't been able
to do any commentary but I have played
this game and this video is basically
just to showing how big you can actually
grow and do note that I have been I was
at work the first few 50 years and after
that I've been in two wars and it's now
1779 from about 1500 that's been two
wars so this is how Europe's middle part
looks now
Spain is big if you can trace headers
phone but we have Scandinavia play and I
have done this as country no sorry about
this ideas we are Swedish which the only
way to prove that is by going by these
IDs and one tricky thing about doing
this is that I started as a noble
Republic yes I didn't start from the
very start date I started a bit later so
that I could actually be a republic and
check it check out how that is and that
means you don't get anything from this
first idea nothing because that only
works on monarchies em but what I really
wanted to show was well we go this way
over here we have some of America's
quite a lot
of the Americas in fact all of northern
america this Scandinavia well apart from
Spain of him but Spain is big Spain is
powerful and this is a colony I hope to
invade all of mainland Spain just to get
this one and I'm not going to do that I
don't have the army yeah you sir
well I haven't done it that many
upgrades so this is my manpower it's not
that easy to keep this together with
that kind of manpower and especially go
to war with countries that had that me
if we try to Jeremy you have as you can
clearly see I have not focused on army
or conquering or battleship or any of
that this has been a full-on
colonization game which probably my
ideas he will tell me about defensive
ideas what was not my picked that is
automatically picked for you when you
start the game as late as I did you just
get that idea from the start I would not
have my first idea so yeah and I have
some of the Caribbean as well lately I
have been going over yeah to China so
Zhu is my Russell
they are also Nobu Republic and they are
Protestant so this is Canadian Trail and
just for people who are going to ask yes
every single colony here this dump or
being made as it is and everything on
this is Swedish culture now
I do believe I had one war one of my war
was over here and because some of this
was I think no well two of these over
here in the 13 colonies were Spanish at
one point but they were still colonies
they were not full-fledged provinces
they were not declared war so I simply
went in and to go over them
unfortunately this one was still a
colony but I didn't have any good Navy
to stand up against Spain's Navy so they
just kept this and kept the Navy here so
I could have much of it but as you can
see in this late game I have some level
problems quite a few rebel problems and
yeah I may do some more videos I may not
do some more videos I will not promise
anything this is just highlight what it
is currently possible to do in this game
if you actually 100% focus on colonizing
and yes Spain and Portugal were very
late earlier I think Spain started down
here around 1550 and Portugal around the
same time or maybe later I wasn't going
over here until I think 1520 or
something like that
and it was just empty I couldn't believe
my luck Spain started to get the jump in
on a few points but I I crushed him at
that point and yes you can see I am at
war but this is a lie wars that I simply
do not give
Nicoll about a they give you quite some
my German process which I really really
don't care about I have small army here
funnily enough russia has completely
ignored me the entire game
not a single war with Russia and God I
could not have stood up against him but
yeah this is how it looks
Ottomans got crushed big time so the one
the moment looks is the big power down
here Josh is running Russia did have
very big problems with the hordes so
they just recently pushed through here
which made Portugal able Spain over here
and Japan has been grown as well but
yeah that's about it and maybe I will
see you small type have fun and why